We always want to start by creating the functionality then we add the ui. 
Its much easier to add the UI later. 


Think about like building a table. Its much easier to build the table first then style to liking after the strcuture has been set.

Alwasy have a clear idea of what feature we're implementing and how we can implement it.



In react we have all of the HTML tags. 

Tags like input, div, form, etc. They all exist in react. 

React does this to allow fucntionality in the UI

But we don't want to look at them as simple HTML tags, inteads we should look at them as components. 
React has built a component for each of HTML's tags. These already made components contain multiple unique propties that only exist in react.




[Handlers] 
In React we have a property we can call on any element known as handlers. This properties role is to detect a change and perfomr a certain action in response to the change.

They all take a callback function which is where you will describe what you want to do.

There're several handlers with diffrent roles:

onClick handler, this triggers whenever the certain element has been clicked. A commons use of this are buttons.
onChange handler, this triggers when the value of the element has change / update. A common use of this is input fields.

Find more here : https://reactjs.org/docs/events.html


We never want to change / access anything with an underscore. Example: _app, _reactName, etc.



[ Modifiying Data / State Search Data ]
If you ever modify any type of data and we want at some point we want to get back to the original state of the data the "fullest" version
we need to first keep a copy of the original data. We can do this by storing a copy using state. Then we make changes to an alternative copy
of the original and whenever we need to go back to the original state we simply make use of the copy we did at the start.



[Optimization / Functions in return / handler functions ]
In react whenver we amke use of a function that is being initiated by an event handler property is a bad practice. This is because
that function is not being created in and stored in a variable this is whats known as annonymous functions. These functions after being used 
are simply thrown away, just to be re-created again whenever the component re-renders.

This is a bad practice because everytime react renders or re-renders the component it will recrete this function even if its not being used. 
Having multiple of these function in the return can dratically lower your sites perfomrance.

A fix to this is to move the function out of the return / render(). 
for example if this is a fix for an onChange function we can move the logic of this fucntion else were and simply call the function inside of the 
onChange to use the functionality.

This is better because the function already exist in memory, instead of being re-created not its just being called whenvever it neeeded.
It also shortens code inside the render.



[ Components ] 
Its a great practice to see if theres something in our code we can "generalize" think of it like lego blocks. 
If we create our code like lego block were we can utilize the functionality in multiple places without having to re-create 
This saves alot of time not only developeing but also cuts down on the bugs. 

If theres a fetures that we're constantly having to re-use thats a sign that it should be a component. 
We can create our components dynamicaaly and re-use them in other places and make the feel like they were specifically designed for that specific section.

We want components to have sigle responsibility: 
Some exaples can be :
A navbar 
A search bar
A list of users 
The footer 
A feature of the hero 
etc.



[Project Naming Combention] 
Depending on the project, its possible you may encounter diffrernt naming convetions for the projects. 

This is an example
componentName.component.tsx
componentName.component.jsx

ComponenName - We always want to capitalize our component names, its how react knows its a developer built component.



[More on Rendering & Re-Rendering]
Whenever our props or state changes our site will re-render 

New / Update props can mean new data so react re-renders }  Always keep this in mind, if our components are not proeprly updating the 
New / Update state can mean new data so react re-renders }  issue will lie here .

These are the primary reasons why react re-renders

Another important render concept to understand is how our component strcuture is render. 

React renders from top to bottom, think about like this 

Image this is our render inside of our index / main 


React will first render the app component
The moment react encountes another componet inside of our app it will render all of its props and render functiion, then it goes back to the app component to continue where it left of
now react encounters our 2nd component. It will render all of its props and render functiion. And then its resumes back in the app component 
This process repeats until all components are rendered.

<App />
 <Component 1 />
 <Component 2 />
 <Component 3 />
<OtherApp /> <- This is just an example :) 

